This data set is part of the TREC CAR dataset version v2.3.

It contains automatic and manual evaluation data for benchmarkY2test. Test topics came from both a Wikipedia 2018 dump (query id starts with "enwiki:") and from AI2's TQA collection (query id starts with "tqa:").

Note that query ids for benchmarkY3 have a different format and therefore query id start with "tqa2:". The benchmarkY3train archive contains a json file to translate between the two query id formats.

For more information see http://trec-car.cs.unh.edu/datareleases/



Files contained in this archive:

interface.json:  Passages and entities presented to assessors. (Not everything was assessed.)

QRELs for trec_eval -c 
benchmarkY2test-psg-*qrels:  Passage Qrels
benchmarkY2test-entity-*qrels:  Entity  Qrels
benchmarkY2test-entity-with-passage-manual.qrels: Entity assessments based on provided provenance passages.
benchmarkY2test-goldpassages.qrels: Automatic Psg ground truth, most passages were not included in paragraphCorpus (!), but you find them in benchmarkY2test-goldpassages.cbor as described below. 

CBOR
benchmarkY2test-goldarticles.cbor: Gold articles with content and original entity links (we further annotated entity links with TagMe, which were used for entity-automatic ground truth.)
benchmarkY2test-goldpassages.cbor: corpus of gold passages.


The included TREC CAR data sets by Laura Dietz, Ben Gamari available
at trec-car.cs.unh.edu are provided under a <a rel="license"
href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/deed.en_US">Creative
Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License</a>. The data is
based on content extracted from www.Wikipedia.org that is licensed
under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
License.




